Installation using helm in website (#987)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/installation/_index.md

```sh
make undeploy
```

> ## Install kueue using Helm

Author: @alculquicondor Thanks for your comment. I just created a new file which linked to index page and delete /charts/kueue/README.md.

> ## Install kueue using Helm

Reviewer: hm.. I think we should keep the README.md for helm chart, it's part of the chart, once we upload it to the market, people can refer to this document.

> ## Install kueue using Helm

Reviewer 2: oh, I see.
What if we keep it but it just has a link to the website? That way, we don't have to maintain 2 files.

> ## Install kueue using Helm

Reviewer: make sense to me

```sh
make undeploy
```

> ## Install Kueue with [Helm](https://helm.sh/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install via [Helm](https://helm.sh/)
```

> To install and configure Kueue with Helm, follow the [instructions](/charts/kueue/README.md).

Reviewer 2: This link won't work.

I think we should do it the other way:
change the README.md file to refer to a page in the website.

Reviewer: We can refer to https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/blob/main/charts/kueue/README.md directly.

Reviewer: Can you add an indexer in the beginning?

```sh
make undeploy
```
## Install Kueue with Helm

> To install and configure Kueue with Helm, follow [instructions](/site/content/en/docs/installation/Helm.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install and configure Kueue with [Helm](https://helm.sh/), following [instructions](/docs/installation/Helm.md).
```
